README.md, before:

# NgxSimpleKeyboardManager

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.0.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `npm run test` to execute the unit tests via Jest

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

docs(readme): updates readme with more info

README.md, after:

# NgxSimpleKeyboardManager

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.0.1.

## Installation

Add module to `app.module.ts` or to for lazy loaded modules to whichever modules you would like this to be available in.

```ts
import { NgxSimpleKeyboardManagerModule } from 'ngx-simple-keyboard-manager';

@NgModule({
  imports: [NgxSimpleKeyboardManagerModule]
});
```

## Usage

Add the `keyboard-list` directive to any element that you would like to be keyboard navigable. Add `keyboard-list-item` to the list items that can be focused within this list. For styling you can add a `:focus` pseudoclass to the element.

```html
<div keyboard-list>
  <div keyboard-list-item>1</div>
  <div keyboard-list-item>2</div>
  <div keyboard-list-item>3</div>
</div>
```

`keyboard-list` will become focusable, and the marked items will be navigable.

## Configuration

### Inputs

- horizontal - `boolean; default: false` -> Adds horizontal keyboard navigation functionality
